The Git Times — Wednesday, July 22, 2026
MovieBox-Tui Brings Streaming to the Terminal with Rust Speed
A keyboard-driven TUI fetches and plays media via mpv, requiring no VPN or configuration.
AI: OpenClaw v2026.7.1 Overhauls Onboarding and Control UI for Personal AI Assistants
Robotics: Newton Physics Engine Gains Deterministic GPU Workflows for Robotics Research
Cyber: Wazuh Hardens Cluster Security Fixes Address Critical Path Traversal Risks
Systems: React Native v0.86.0 Boosts DevTools and Animation Backend Stability
DIY: TuyaOpen v1.9.0 Adds Ultra-Low Power Wi-Fi Mode for Battery Devices
GameDev: Flame Engine 1.38.0 Fixes Gesture Detector Instability in Flutter Games
"Whether a technology is liberating or enslaving depends on who controls it."
Read today's edition — gittimes.com